Among the blind the one-eyed man is king.
(because he can still see)

Always put your best foot forward.
(except when you're about to step in dogshit)

An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
(just throw it in his face real hard)
(As does a shotgun)

Be slow in choosing, but slower in changing.
(This is how you drive your boyfriend mad)
(Out of all proverbs she learned my girlfriend remembered only this one)

Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
(Consider taking him to the doctor or put him among the blind)

Blood is thicker than water.
(I did the test, it sinks) \m/

Clothes do not make the man.
(seams legit, should be the other way around)

Cowards die many times before their deaths.
(they keep ducking away damnit!)

Cross the stream where it is shallowest.
(Because that's the best spot for bear-sighting)

Don’t blow your own trumpet.
(it's nasty)

Don’t count your chickens before they hatch.
(Count your eggs instead at least you'll have something to count)

Don’t kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
(put her in a cage and squeeze the freaking eggs out of her)

Don’t put the cart before the horse.
(unless you want to reverse)

Don’t throw the baby with the bathwater.
(wait! somebody ever did that ?!)

Give them an inch and they’ll take a mile.
(Give them 10 inches and they'll make you smile)

Good things come to those who wait.
(This must be crap to read when your in death row)

Out of sight, out of mind.
(Leave your wife some pictures when you need to go on a business trip)

Practice what you preach.
(don't be shy priest, I'll help you with those nails)

Rome wasn’t built in a day.
(Thank god, I couldn't even finish the doghouse in a day)

The harder you work, the luckier you get.
(Who the fuck invented this shit ?)

There are more ways than one to skin a cat.
(euhm who the fuck did the test)

1896 : There is no time like the present.
2020 : In the present there is no time.

There is safety in numbers.
(True story : 911)

The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
(My new years resolutions are basically the map)

Two wrongs don’t make a right.
(but tree left turns do!)

Watch the doughnut, and not the hole.
(It's a trap!)

Where there’s a will, there’s a way.
(But what if your will went away)

1986 : Where there’s smoke there’s fire.
2020 : Where there’s smoke there’s chemicals.

Where one door shuts, another opens.
(for real ? Prison must be a joke !)

While the cat’s away, the mice will play.
(When the mice are away the cat will starve)

You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
(Disclaimer : I would go for vinegar in bear territory)

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
All work and no play makes a dull boy do Jack ... or Johny ... *Jack Daniels*

Birds of a feather flock together
(on Birds of hair I'm not aware )

Cold hands, warm heart
(Cold hearth probably means cold hands too, and feet for that fact)

The devil makes work for idle hands to do
(I suggest voting him for president)

The Devil is in the details
The Devil looks after his own
The Devil makes work for idle hands to do
(I'd say vote him for president!)

Don't get mad, get even
(Fuck yeah !)

Don't shoot the messenger
(He might bring your Amazon order)

Don't teach your Grandma to suck eggs
(Although it might be helpful when she lost her teeth ...)

Don't throw good money after bad
(seriously now, Is there anything like 'bad' money?)

East is east, and west is west
(But going south is what I do best)

Fight fire with fire
(It seams I've been doing it wrong)

Hard work never did anyone any harm
(Who the fuck invented this shit ?)

He who can does, he who cannot, teaches
(Amen !)

If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys
(Sweet ! Gimme my monkeys !)

It's better to give than to receive
(This would fit right into the footer of my tax bill)

It's never too late
(unless you need to catch a plain)

Know which side your bread is buttered
(And when you forgot, just drop it. It will always fall buttered side down)

Life's not all beer and skittles
(there's also vodka, whisky, tequila ...)

Lightning never strikes twice in the same place
(so when your struck, don't move a muscle !)

Love is blind
(check before you have sex in the garden, the neighbors are not)

Love makes the world go round
(years of science and research down the trashcan in one proverb)

There are more ways of killing a cat than choking it with cream
(Jeese why would we even want to know ?)

No man can serve two masters
(tell this to the government)

No pain, no gain
(It wouldn't hurt to win the lottery tough)

Nothing is certain but death and taxes
(Amen !)

Death, taxes and childbirth! There's never any convenient time for any of them.
(Amen !)

One man's meat is another man's poison
(that's what you get for stealing his meat !)

1896 : Put your shoulder to the wheel
2020 : I wouldn't recommend it

See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil
(just be the evil)

Tomorrow is another day
Tomorrow never comes
(make up your phreaking mind)

The Way to a man's heart is through his stomach
(Or his chest, or his back)

You can choose your friends but you can't choose your family
(And you can't be blamed for your family but your in-laws are on you)
